add aws xray id generator (#33)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib: opentelemetry-contrib/CHANGELOG.md

- Bump MSRV to 1.65 [#1318](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1318)
- Bump MSRV to 1.64 [#1203](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1203)

> - Move Xray IdGenerator from `opentelemetry-rust` to `opentelemetry-contrib`  [#1489]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move Xray IdGenerator from `opentelemetry-rust` to `opentelemetry-contrib`  [#33](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib/pull/33)
```

- Bump MSRV to 1.65 [#1318](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1318)
- Bump MSRV to 1.64 [#1203](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust/pull/1203)

> - Move Xray IdGenerator from `opentelemetry-rust` to `opentelemetry-contrib`  [#33](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib/pull/33)

Author: fixed.
